docs: Update README to include Jenkins and github actions documentation (#3566)
kata-containers/tests: README.md

> CI. Some of this setup runs as the `root` user and **could break your developer's
> system**. See [Developer Mode](#developer-mode).

### Controlling the CI

#### GitHub Actions

Kata Containers uses GitHub Actions in the [Kata Containers](https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers) repos.

> The trigger phrase to invoke these actions is `/test_kata_deploy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All those actions, apart from the one to test kata-deploy, are automatically triggered when a pull-request is submitted.  For testing kata-deploy, one can use `/test_kata_deploy`.
```

> There are no trigger phrases to invoke these actions as they are triggered by creating a pull request.

Reviewer: We actually have one trigger phrase used with GitHub actions: `/test_kata_deploy`

#### Jenkins

> The Jenkins configuration and most documentation is kept in the [CI repository](https://github.com/kata-containers/ci).

Reviewer: Not related to this PR, but this reminds me that we need urgently to update the CI page and remove everything that's 1.x specific. :-)

Jenkins is setup to trigger a CI run on all the slaves/nodes when a "/test" comment is added to a pull request. However,
there are some specific comments that are defined for specific CI slaves/nodes which are defined in the Jenkins

> `config.xml` files in the `<triggerPhase>` XML element in the [CI repository](https://github.com/kata-containers/ci).

Reviewer: What about also adding a link to https://github.com/kata-containers/community/wiki/Controlling-the-CI ?

Author: @fidencio for this PR I do not want to include a link to that wiki as it is not updated and has a lot of information that is working with kata 2.x, I will create another PR after I update the wiki and put the current trigger phrases for kata 2.x ci jobs

Author: @fidencio for this PR I do not want to include a link to that wiki as it is not updated and has a lot of information that is working with kata 2.x, I will create another PR after I update the wiki and put the current trigger phrases for kata 2.x ci jobs

Reviewer: Okay, makes sense.
